\input texinfo.tex
@c %**start of header
@setfilename hoedown.info
@settitle Hoedown
@c %**end of header

@include version.texi
@include macros.texi

@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Values.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@set TITLE                      Hoedown

@c To be used as @value{PACKAGE} whenever we need to include the full
@c name of this package.
@set PACKAGE                    Hoedown

@c To be used as @value{PACKAGE} whenever we need to include the
@c nickname of the project: the name that is used to compose the
@c distribution tarball or the web address.
@set PACKAGE_NICKNAME           hoedown

@c To be used as @value{COPYRIGHT_YEARS} whenever we need to include the
@c list of copyright years.
@set COPYRIGHT_YEARS            2008, 2011, 2014, 2015

@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@set ORIGINAL_URL               @url{http:/@//@/github.com/@/hoedown/@/@value{PACKAGE_NICKNAME}}
@set GITHUB_URL                 @url{http:/@//@/github.com/@/marcomaggi/@/@value{PACKAGE_NICKNAME}}
@set BITBUCKET_URL              @url{https:/@//@/bitbucket.org/@/marcomaggi/@/@value{PACKAGE_NICKNAME}}
@set DOWNLOAD_URL               @url{https:/@//@/bitbucket.org/@/marcomaggi/@/@value{PACKAGE_NICKNAME}/@/downloads}

@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Copyright notice.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@copying
This document describes version @value{VERSION} of @value{PACKAGE}, a C
language library implementing a template library.  This distribution is
an repackaging of the original @value{PACKAGE} package, using the @gnu{}
Autotools.

The package is distributed under the terms of the @gnu{} General Public
License (@gpl{}).

The latest release of the repackaged @value{PACKAGE} can be downloaded
from:

@center @value{DOWNLOAD_URL}

@noindent
the original package development takes place at:

@center @value{ORIGINAL_URL}

@noindent
development takes place at:

@center @value{GITHUB_URL}

@noindent
and as backup at:

@center @value{BITBUCKET_URL}

@noindent
Copyright @copyright{} 2008, Natacha Porte
Copyright @copyright{} 2011, Vicent Marti
Copyright @copyright{} 2014, Xavier Mendez, Devin Torres and the Hoedown authors

@quotation
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE
FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
@end quotation
@end copying

@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Headers.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@titlepage
@title @value{TITLE}
@subtitle Revision @value{VERSION}
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@ifinfo
@dircategory Development
@direntry
* hoedown: (hoedown).       Hoedown a Markdown parser library.
@end direntry
@end ifinfo

@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@ignore
@syncodeindex tp cp
@syncodeindex vr cp
@syncodeindex fn cp
@end ignore

@c page
@ifnottex
@node Top
@top @value{TITLE}

@insertcopying

@menu
* overview::                    Overview of the package.
* version::                     Version functions.

Appendices

* references::                  Bibliography and references.

Indexes

* concept index::               An entry for each concept.
* function index::              An entry for each function.
* variable index::              An entry for each variable.
* type index::                  An entry for each type.
@end menu
@end ifnottex

@c page
@node overview
@chapter Overview of the package


This document describes version @value{VERSION} of @value{PACKAGE}, a C
language library implementing a Markdown parser.  This distribution is
an repackaging of the original @value{PACKAGE} package, using the @gnu{}
Autotools.

@value{PACKAGE} installs multiple header files under the directory
@code{$(prefix)/hoedown/}.  All the function names in the @api{} are
prefixed with @code{hoedown_}; all the constant names are prefixed with
@code{HOEDOWN_}; all the type names are prefixed with @code{hoedown_}.

@menu
* overview linking::            Linking code with the library.
@end menu

@c page
@node overview linking
@section Linking code with the library


This package installs a data file for @command{pkg-config}, so when
searching for the installed library with the @gnu{} Autotools, we can:

@itemize
@item
Install the file @file{pkg.m4} from @file{/usr/share/aclocal} into the
source tree of the package, for example under @file{meta/autoconf/}.

@item
Include @file{pkg.m4} in the template by adding the following line to
@file{acinclude.m4}:

@example
m4_include(meta/autoconf/pkg.m4)
@end example

@item
Just add the following macro use to @file{configure.ac}:

@example
PKG_CHECK_MODULES([HOEDOWN],[hoedown >= 0.1])
@end example

@noindent
which will set the variables @code{HOEDOWN_LIBS} and
@code{HOEDOWN_CFLAGS}.
@end itemize

Alternatively we can use the raw @gnu{} Autoconf macros:

@example
AC_CHECK_LIB([hoedown],[cct_version_string],,
  [AC_MSG_FAILURE([test for Hoedown library failed])])
AC_CHECK_HEADERS([hoedown.h],,
  [AC_MSG_FAILURE([test for Hoedown header failed])])
@end example

@c page
@node version
@chapter Version functions


The installed libraries follow version numbering as established by the
@gnu{} Autotools.  For an explanation of interface numbers as managed by
@gnu{} Libtool @xref{Libtool versioning, interface, Libtool's versioning
system, libtool, Shared library support for @gnu{}}.


@deftypefun {const char *} cct_version_string (void)
Return a pointer to a statically allocated @asciiz{} string representing
the interface version number.
@end deftypefun


@deftypefun int cct_version_interface_current (void)
Return an integer representing the library interface current number.
@end deftypefun


@deftypefun int cct_version_interface_revision (void)
Return an integer representing the library interface current revision
number.
@end deftypefun


@deftypefun int cct_version_interface_age (void)
Return an integer representing the library interface current age.
@end deftypefun

@c page
@node references
@appendix Bibliography and references


The latest release of the repackaged @value{PACKAGE} can be downloaded
from:

@center @value{DOWNLOAD_URL}

@noindent
the original package development takes place at:

@center @value{ORIGINAL_URL}

@noindent
development takes place at:

@center @value{GITHUB_URL}

@noindent
and as backup at:

@center @value{BITBUCKET_URL}

@c page
@node concept index
@appendix An entry for each concept

@printindex cp

@node function index
@appendix An entry for each function.

@printindex fn

@node variable index
@appendix An entry for each variable.

@printindex vr

@node type index
@appendix An entry for each type.

@printindex tp

@contents
@bye

@c end of file

